Delegated Routing (#8997)
ipfs/go-ipfs: CHANGELOG.md

# Kubo changelog

## v0.14.0 TBD

### Overview

Below is an outline of all that is in this release, so you get a sense of all that's included.

- [🔦 Highlights](#---highlights)
  * [🛣️ Delegated Routing](#---Delegated-Routing)

### 🔦 Highlights

#### 🛣️ Delegated Routing

Content routing is the a term used to describe the problem of finding providers for a given piece of content.
If you have a hash, or CID of some data, how do you find who has it?
In IPFS, until now, only a DHT was used as a decentralized answer to content routing.

> Now, content routing can be handled by clients implementing the [Reframe protocol](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/main/REFRAME.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, content routing can be handled by clients implementing the [Reframe protocol](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/tree/main/reframe#readme).
```

# go-ipfs changelog

## v0.14.0 TBD

### Overview

> - Delegated routing using [Reframe protocol](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/main/REFRAME.md)

Reviewer 2: We're going to want to expand this to explain why it's useful and point to how someone uses it.  I think we'll want a code snippet for configuring to hit storetheindex.

Reviewer: The snippet for adding `https://cid.contact/reframe` via CLI:

```
ipfs config Routing.Routers.DevCidContact --json '{
  "Type": "reframe",
  "Parameters": {
    "address": "https://cid.contact/reframe"
  }
}'
```

As for text, there is some content  on https://cid.contact/ and https://docs.cid.contact that could be copied or linked to.
